Update private link (#14728)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/guide/private-link.md

8. Click on the VPC endpoint ID to check its status.
9. Wait for the status to move from _Pending_ to _Available_. This can take up to 10 minutes.

> 10. Once this is created, route traffic from another region to send the data to Datadog via private link. For more information, see [Work With VPC Peering connections][3]. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. Once this is created, route traffic from another region to send the data to Datadog using private link. For more information, see the [Work With VPC Peering connections][3] AWS documentation. 
```
